integra_install_readme.md, before:

<!--
{% comment %}
This program is an unpublished work fully protected by the United States
copyright laws and is considered a trade secret belonging to Attala Systems Corporation.
To the extent that this work may be considered "published", the following notice applies
"(C) 2020, 2021, Attala Systems Corporation"

Any unauthorized use, reproduction, distribution, display, modification,
or disclosure of this program is strictly prohibited.

Copyright 2018-2022 Elyra Authors

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
{% endcomment %}
-->

Instruction to build integra/elyra jupyter distributions
================================================================

Dependencies:
   - Get Miniconda for python3 (https://docs.conda.io/en/latest/miniconda.html)(https://repo.anaconda.com/miniconda/Miniconda3-py37_4.12.0-Linux-x86_64.sh)
   - Install using the command 
     	- bash Miniconda3-latest-Linux-x86_64.sh (https://conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/install/linux.html)
      
Create conda venv:
   - conda create -n <env-name> python==3.7.9

Install required packages inside conda venv:
   - Activate previous created conda venv
         - conda activate <env-name>
   - Install nodejs 
         - conda install -y -c conda-forge/label/main nodejs
   - Install yarn 
         - conda install -y -c conda-forge/label/main yarn
   - git clone eleoai/elyra
         - git clone https://github.com/elevo-ai/elyra
         - cd elyra
   - run create_integra_release.py python script to get the integra distribution files
         - python create_integra_release.py prepare --version 3.11.0.dev0

Commit message:

Updating README files with some minor additions.

integra_install_readme.md, after:

<!--
{% comment %}
This program is an unpublished work fully protected by the United States
copyright laws and is considered a trade secret belonging to Attala Systems Corporation.
To the extent that this work may be considered "published", the following notice applies
"(C) 2020, 2021, Attala Systems Corporation"

Any unauthorized use, reproduction, distribution, display, modification,
or disclosure of this program is strictly prohibited.

Copyright 2018-2022 Elyra Authors

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
{% endcomment %}
-->

# Instructions to build integra/elyra jupyter distributions

## One-time setup

Dependencies:
   - Get Miniconda for python3 (https://docs.conda.io/en/latest/miniconda.html). Use the Python 3 Linux x86_64 installer,
     which is a shell script you download.
   - Install using the command 
     	- bash Miniconda3-latest-Linux-x86_64.sh (https://conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/install/linux.html)
   - Initialize conda, either in the installer or later, using this command:
        - conda init
   - Remove the code that conda init adds to your ~/.bashrc and move it to a separate script.
     Only source that code when you actually want to use miniconda and not our regular Python environment.
     Make sure you don't have the PYTHONPATH env variable set or activated a regular Python venv when using miniconda.
      
Create conda venv:
   - conda create -n <env-name> python==3.7.9

Install required packages inside conda venv:
   - Activate previous created conda venv
         - conda activate <env-name>
   - Install nodejs 
         - conda install -y -c conda-forge/label/main nodejs
   - Install yarn 
         - conda install -y -c conda-forge/label/main yarn
   - Install the black code formatter
         - conda install -y black
   - git clone eleoai/elyra
         - git clone https://github.com/elevo-ai/elyra
         - cd elyra

## Commands done once per build

   - run create_integra_release.py python script to get the integra distribution files
         - python create_integra_release.py prepare --version 3.11.0.dev0

     Warning: Doing this will overwrite the Elyra distribution files on in
     /nfs/projects1/shared-tools/elevo-dependfiles/elyra* for everyone!
     Update the target location in file create_integra_release.py to
     avoid that.
